I'm going to ask you a few questions and you tell me which answer you think is best. Answer questions by picking one of the shapes at the bottom. Let's try it. Which one of these animals makes a moo sound?
This is a drawer. What do you think is inside the drawer?
Oh look! There's a dog inside the drawer.
OK. We closed the drawer again, do you remember what is inside?
Here comes Polly. Polly has not seen inside the drawer yet.
Does Polly know what is inside the drawer? To say yes, put the thumbs up. To say no, put the thumbs down.
Does Polly see inside the drawer? To say yes, put the thumbs up. To say no, put the thumbs down.
Here is a Band-Aid box. What do you think is inside the Band-Aid box?
Let's see...it's really a pig inside!
So what is inside the Band-Aid box?
Peter has never seen inside this Band-Aid box. Now here comes Peter.
So, what does Peter think is in the box? Band-Aids or a pig?
Did Peter see inside this box? For yes put thumbs up, for no put thumbs down.
Here's Scott. Scott wants to find his mittens. His mittens might be in his backpack or they might be in the closet.
Really, Scott's mittens are in his backpack. But Scott thinks his mittens are in the closet.
So where will Scott look for his mittens? In his backpack or in the closet?
Where are Scott's mittens really? In his backpack or in the closet?
I'm going to ask you a few questions and you tell me which answer you think is best. Answer questions by picking one of the shapes at the bottom. Let's try it. Which one of these shapes represents scissors?
Stella is playing rock, paper, scissors against a robot. Stella plays rock and the robot plays paper. Who won? Stella or the robot?
Stella is playing rock, paper, scissors again and she plays paper five times. The robot recognizes a pattern. What does the robot think Stella will play next? Rock, paper, or scissors?
The robot thinks that Stella will play paper. So what should the robot play to win? Rock, paper, or scissors?
Stella is playing rock, paper, scissors again, but this time the robot knows the wrong rules! The robot thinks that paper beats scissors. Stella plays scissors and the robot plays paper. Who won? Stella or the robot?
Here are my two friends. Lemony and Orangey. I'm going to tell you how they feel about being an engineer. You tell me which one you agree with more. For example Orangey loves music and Lemony loves drawing. So if you love music more than drawing then you choose Orangey. If you like them both the same amount then you can choose the blue equals in the middle.
Lemony would like to be an engineer one day. Orangey does not want to be an engineer. Which do you agree with more? If you feel somewhere in the middle then you can choose the blue equals.
Lemony does not want a job building new things. Orangey would like a job building things. Which do you agree with more? If you feel unsure then you can choose the blue equals.
Lemony thinks that science has nothing to do with real life. Orangey thinks that science has a lot to do with real life. Which do you agree with more? If you feel unsure then you can choose the blue equals.
Lemony would like a job figuring out how things work. Orangey does not want a job figuring out how things work. Which do you agree with more? If you feel somewhere in the middle then you can choose the blue equals.
Lemony is not good at figuring out how things work. Orangey is good at figuring things out. Which do you agree with more? If you feel somewhere in the middle then you can choose the blue equals.
Lemony likes to figure out how things work. Orangey does not like to figure out how things work. Which do you agree with more? If you feel somewhere in the middle then you can choose the blue equals.
Lemony does not know what engineers do for their jobs. Orangey does know what engineers do. Which do you agree with more? If you feel somewhere in the middle then you can choose the blue equals.
Here are my two friends. Bluey and Greeney. I'm going to tell you how Bluey and Greeney feel about robots and other things. You tell me which one you agree with more. For example Bluey loves pizza and Greeney loves ice cream. So if you love pizza more than ice cream then you choose Greeney. If you like them both the same amount then you can choose the blue equals in the middle.
Bluey thinks that robots have to follow rules. Greeney doesn't think that robots follow rules. Do you agree with Bluey or Greeney more? If you feel somewhere in the middle then you can choose the blue equals.
Bluey thinks that he is smarter than robots. Greeney thinks that robots are smarter. Do you agree with Greeney or Bluey more? Or are you in the middle?
Bluey thinks that robots are like toys. Greeney thinks that robots are like people. Do you agree with Greeney or Bluey more? Or are you in the middle?
Bluey thinks that robots cannot learn new things. Greeney thinks that robots can learn new things. Do you agree with Greeney or Bluey more? Or are you in the middle?
Bluey thinks that robots are like friends. Greeney thinks that robots are like adults. Do you agree with Greeney or Bluey more? Or are you in the middle?
